Update README for Components directory (#27650)
dotnet/aspnetcore: src/Components/README.md

# Blazor

Blazor is a framework for building modern, interactive web-based UIs with C# and Razor. For more information on using Blazor to build apps, check out [the official docs](https://blazor.net).

## Description

This folder contains the component model shared between the WebAssembly and Server hosting models for Blazor.

The following contains a description of each sub-directory in the `Components` directory.

- `Analyzers`: Contains a collection of Rosyln analyzers for Blazor components
- `Authorization`: Contains source files associated with auth-related components and services in Blazor
- `Components`: Contains the implementation for the Blazor component model
- `Forms`: Contains source files for Form components in Blazor

> - `Ignitor`: Contains source files for inspecting Blazor apps

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `Ignitor`: A library for testing Blazor Server apps
```

- `Samples`: Contains a collection of sample apps in Blazor
- `Server`: Contains the implementation for Blazor Server-specific components
- `Shared`: Contains a collection of shared constants and helper methods/classes
- `Web`: Contains source files for handling DOM events, forms, and other components
- `Web.JS`: Contains the source files for Blazor's client-side JavaScript

> - `WebAssembly`: Contains the implementation for WebAssembly-specific components

Reviewer: Should we also document individual folders inside this directory? There's half a dozen of these.

Author: Yep. Added some content here.

## Development Setup

### Build

> This project takes a dependency on MVC and SignalR packages. In order to build this project and its dependencies, run the following command inside this directory.

Reviewer: What do you think about adding a general section to BuildFromSources.md that talks about how to build "sub-folders" and linking from here? 

> Each directory under src represents a feature area of ASP.NET Core. We provide convenience scripts `build.sh` or `build.cmd` inside these directories that let you build and test only this feature. For instance, if you were interested in contributing to Blazor, navigate to the `src/Components` directory, and run `build.[cmd|sh]` there to build all the projects and it's dependencies.

Then we link to these instructions from each of these docs. so we're not repeating ourselves?

Reviewer: > This project takes a dependency on MVC and SignalR packages.

Ehh, these things are easy to go out of sync and don't really help the user much. Could we not list this here?

Author: > Then we link to these instructions from each of these docs. so we're not repeating ourselves?

Good insight. I think we can probably address this for all the projects in one go as part of https://github.com/dotnet/aspnetcore/issues/27631.

> Ehh, these things are easy to go out of sync and don't really help the user much. Could we not list this here?

I've removed it.
